chore: Update pull_request_template.md to add docs in PR Checklist (#1162)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: .github/pull_request_template.md

> - [ ] Tested Android
> - [ ] Tested WASM
> - [ ] Tested MacOS
> - [ ] Needs Doc Update
>   - [ ] [General Doc Update](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/tree/master/doc)
>   - [ ] [material-controls-styles.md](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/material-controls-styles.md)
>   - [ ] [cupertino-controls-styles.md](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/cupertino-controls-styles.md)
>   - [ ] [lightweight-styling.md (LightWeight Styling Resource Keys)](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/lightweight-styling.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tested the changes where applicable:
	- [ ] Android
	- [ ] WASM
	- [ ] MacOS
- [ ] Updated the documentation as needed:
	- [ ] [General Doc Update](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/tree/master/doc)
	- [ ] [material-controls-styles.md](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/material-controls-styles.md)
	- [ ] [cupertino-controls-styles.md](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/cupertino-controls-styles.md)
	- [ ] [lightweight-styling.md (LightWeight Styling Resource Keys)](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/lightweight-styling.md)
```
move uwp+ios under 1st line too, cant select them with pr suggestion
